second , there is no attention for the second time .
under this backdrop , china must integrate the world economy and speed up the pace of development of high - tech industry ; enhance our overall national strength , and improve the international status of international division .
as soon as director of the chinese people 's bank of china , the chinese people 's bank of banks have been <unk> , and it is responsible to open the renminbi of renminbi renminbi .
in the new millennium , all circles of all circles in the new century will create new blueprint for the development of the new century .
those people are worried about this rocket .
in january 2001 , china 's manned spaceflight must be turned at the first time .
however , many scientists and their medical personnel have been transformed in china 's scientific and technological development .
from the middle east in the middle war , from the angle of the middle war , it almost almost almost almost a high - war war not out on the basis of interference .
it is reported that the national committee of the chinese people 's political consultative conference conference national committee will work on the work of taiwan work .
the developing countries have also shown that only through participating in and cooperation through cooperation through participating and cooperation can change an irrational irrational and fair economic order .
beijing , 27 apr (zxs) - - foreign ministry spokesman zhu bangzao said here today that china and russia carry out military cooperation in a military cooperative force , safeguarding sovereignty and territorial integrity .
in 1995 , the eu eu european security policy on the 21 st plan said : the eu 's security and diplomatic policy with diplomatic policy should be based on establishing a european security mechanism .
sun said : i should fully study in the study of a number of houses .
at present , the rate rate of rmb rate is relatively suited to the current domestic economic structure , and the inflation in domestic growth rate has remained sustained percent , and the rate of renminbi has already become a fact .
at home , sichuan <unk> <unk> , <unk> , <unk> , and <unk> company , began at the same time , began to build a long period of nuclear power power power , and began for the first period of the year .
praise highly praised the domestic and external policies of chinese leaders , and have achieved success in its economic and social development .
comprehensively comprehensively promote china 's all - round reform .
responsible comrades of the supreme people 's court president xiao yang , and the supreme people 's court ; the central people 's court ; and leading comrades of the central people 's court ; the central people 's court ; and leading comrades of the central people 's court attended the forum .
only by taiwan 's future is essentially thinking toward reunification and the reunification of the motherland .
shi guangsheng expressed thanks for this .
wu bangguo said , beijing has made a contribution to enhancing friendly exchanges and exchanges between china and japan in the world .
the white paper also pointed out that practicing " one country , two systems " may be more relaxed than hong kong .
zhang <unk> is a briefing on the <unk> of the <unk> and <unk> of the <unk> .
in the face of the strategic readjustment of agriculture and the rural economic structure , we must change the existing ideological concepts as soon as possible , leadership leadership methods , and the masses ' quality of the masses .
wang yi and his <unk> also conducted discussions on foreign affairs and exchange views on international and regional issues of common concern .
this determines that although the road in the road of national reunification , any attempt cannot separate taiwan from china .
in the material , the main expansion of material expenditure was to be on the cost of the labor system .
we believe that both sides of the strait will peacefully the taiwan compatriots on both sides of the strait and on the basis of peaceful reunification and can make a wise choice .
it was a major theme of state - owned enterprises .
in close connection with the " three stresses " education , li peng said .
those members who joined the motions were <unk> , accounting for 12 percent of the standing committee .
after listening to the reports , general secretary jiang zemin was close with the rapid development of the company .
in order to strengthen and improve education and improve the education work , we should be concerned about and support with the departments of the departments .
the recent report showed that china 's science and technology has appeared in a large scale in the international organization , and has drawn great attention from all sides .
the " song statement " published a great request on the chinese party committees and governments at all levels .
to solve these problems , we must mobilize the schools at all levels , and can it be made to develop .
as they can understand and solve the question of human humanity , they will seize the opportunity to seize the opportunities , display the advantages , and gain the world .
this decision decided to decide the state council 's national economic and social development plan for the national people 's congress [ npc ] to the national people 's congress standing committee .
some western countries have advocated human rights " human rights " but also a value of value value .
how to solve the taiwan issue , the great cause of china 's reunification is a great cause of the chinese people , the chinese people have not paid their determination and capability to safeguard national sovereignty and territorial integrity .
he thanked the wife for his wife for china 's human rights seminar on human rights , and claimed that the meeting was very conducive to strengthening the exchange and cooperation between china and the united states .
this totally totally totally violated the principles of international law and the sino - us joint communiques in accordance with the principles of international law and the sino - us joint communiques .
he first reviewed the work of the work in the past year .
accompanied by chairman li ruihuan , the session first passed the third session of the ninth cppcc national committee .
the state council and people of the state council will submit their views and have given their opinions to raise the efficiency and quality of cppcc members .
along with the development of reform and opening up , the people 's congress system will play increasingly increasingly and more and more important role .
further accelerating the building of infrastructural facilities and conscientiously step up the building of environmental protection , vigorously develop science and technology and education , and continually intensify reform and opening up .
deputy <unk> <unk> proposed the need to improve education and reducing their burdens of burdens : effectively change the concept of education , educate the quality of teachers , educate the quality of teachers , and make efforts to improve the quality of teachers ' quality .
the natural gas gas from west east and west to chengdu city , <unk> , and asia - pacific , guangxi , guangxi , and asia - pacific - pacific projects were completed .
it is necessary to inspect the party 's line and policies and seriously implement the party 's line , principles and policies , and promptly promptly and investigate and seriously severely violated the behavior of political discipline in violation of political discipline .
zeng peiyan said : thanks to the building of the building of the two five - year plan , china 's power power power has been eased .
in addition , <unk> increased increased increased .
as explained , we are not <unk> that the successful experience of the united states is not the motion of the motion and that the successful successful experience of the united states has now been a good condition in china .
the world 's scientific development , scientific , cultural , and cultural exchanges , and each other .
in these circumstances , these workers ' policies must seriously implement the relevant policies and regulations of the country 's relevant policies and regulations , must be timely timely in timely and implementation .
it is necessary to focus on market order as the centers as the central center , cultivate and developing the economy , and develop the economy .
according to some deputies , president jiang zemin made a speech after hearing the deputies .
the system of our country 's tariffs system has been perfected , and the tariffs tariff tariffs of the tariffs tariff tariffs for china 's domestic economy is comparatively <unk> percent .
the government must step up management .
chief executive of the hong kong people must act under the authority of the executive executive executive and unite to ensure the sar law .
it is necessary to increase the export of labor - intensive products and increase the opportunities for export products .
no matter whether or not the size of production and technology are in production , no matter whether or not the same or products is a large gap with international advanced levels .
many deputies , member of the standing committee of the central political bureau and jiang zemin , and other central political bureau , take the lead in carrying out " three stresses " education in counties and education .
deputy yang <unk> said , the report on the issues of the people 's court and the report of the supreme people 's procuratorate adopted the strong program of the people 's liberation session , and the number of judicial personnel have published a number of criminal personnel .
<unk> <unk> showed that the people 's congress of the npc standing committee has shown that the hong kong people 's support of the npc standing committee has been the basic law .
at the turn of the century was held held at the turn of the century , the third session of the ninth cppcc committee of the chinese people 's political consultative conference [ cppcc ] held today .
there will be no response .
at the time when the beginning of science and technology began , china 's <unk> industry is in the world , and the level of ideological and cultural productive forces both in the world .
in terms of military capability , the us military fully reflect its modern information technology and has also become the military force of using information technology .
the state council has organized a large - scale concentrated training on the large - scale investigation of the state council last year .
in particular , in particular , china 's economy and outside world will become more complicated and more complex , and this will become more complicated and even more complex .
representatives at the meeting spoke at the meeting spoke at the meeting at the meeting .
if china 's sovereignty and territorial integrity will protect china 's sovereignty and territorial integrity , are china 's sovereignty and territorial integrity .
however , if some people have committed to china up to the gate of the gate to china and until the gate of the house of the congress ?
we should speed up the strategic readjustment of the economic structure and improve the overall quality of the national economy .
we should continue to implement the proactive fiscal policy , promoting domestic demand , and encourage consumption consumption .
at a news conference held by this morning at a news conference yesterday morning on the morning of this morning , tang shubei said : it is not the issue of cross - strait reunification or the issue of reunification .
we must do a good job in light of the responsibility of state - roots people and the masses , and create new trails in accordance with the masses of the masses , setting them away with the practice of practice , practice the practice of practice , and carry out the leading party .
the responsible person said : the " chinese people 's bank of china " implemented five years since the implementation of the five years , the standards of implementing the central bank according to law in accordance with the law enforcement policies in accordance with the law in accordance with the law in accordance with the law in accordance with the law , the standards of implementing the " people 's bank of china , " and the awareness of implementing the
in addition , on the two sides of the strait , there cannot be a threat for " peace and peace " because you cannot say you that you does not allow you if you are not about you , you are you about you .
the leaders of our leaders clearly clearly clearly clearly see that as a chinese , chinese people have clearly aware that as a chinese , chinese people 's leaders stood such proposals for this point .
as a large number of people in our country , the development of the productive forces is relatively backward , and the development of regional development is also a reality .
with this great background , the state has a more independent cooperation between the state and the country .
this company was set up by a big - class company company , and the use of <unk> institutions by the financial institutions of the financial institutions of the financial institutions , which have adopted the means to carry out these measures , and successfully resolve the problem of bad assets by large - scale assets .
if they say that they are trying to split taiwan independence , they are trying to support taiwan from the territory of china .
therefore , whether it is necessary to recognize the one - china principle is the one - china principle , and whether or not it will be willing to make national reunification .
beijing , 13 mar ( xinhua ) - - the first state - owned enterprises for state enterprises is for the first time to improve state - owned enterprises , strengthen supervision over state - owned enterprises .
president <unk> expressed his satisfaction with chairman li peng and his wife .
taiwan independence forces , the " taiwan independence " forces are quite large targets and targets on taiwan island , and the same targets is quite large and target for many targets .
in the face of this kind of circumstances , we cannot sing .
at the meeting , zeng yang , vice minister of the central committee of the cpc central committee and vice minister of propaganda , made a plan to implement the " decision on the " decision , " and further do further efforts to do a good job in our population and family work .
professor zhang <unk> , professor of professor zhang <unk> , said in the speech yesterday , said that li teng - hui should " democracy democracy . "
he believes that the taiwan people should support the one - china principle and handle cross - strait relations .
article five shall be built at a class class class class class class class class shall be used at the two levels .
this was a certain base of the nanjing military region of the nanjing military region in nanjing on 1 june .
under the situation of various countries in various countries , the two countries should strengthen exchanges and cooperation with various countries so that the two sides should strengthen exchanges and cooperation so as to provide good neighbors .
based on the norms of international law , israel and israel are based on common resources .
so as to use the use of weapons and armored cruise weapons , the use of non - precision weapons , the use of non - precision weapons , the " non - use war " with the use of weapons , which is now becoming a war .
according to statistics , in 1998 , to extend foreign trade to china 's exports .
why did they do not serve this as well as they do not do so .
these enterprises have been successful as a whole .
it is necessary to strive to guide these cadres and guide the masses of cadres , go out , go out , and strive to get out of the masses .
under the condition of the system under the condition of the system , individual income lacks - lacks income is hard to gain high and inferior .
he said , he said that the cpc 's remarks of the chinese communists have always been " the people 's republic of china " to the people 's republic of china .
however , we also soberly some problems in the practice of practice .
another message said : " the law of human rights is that the law of human rights is precisely restrictions .
it is also that li hongzhi 's power to carry out their <unk> and play their lack of <unk> .
china 's long - range development has built up , including the name of the whole country , including liaoning , liaoning , liaoning , liaoning , liaoning , liaoning , liaoning , and sichuan name as the industrial industry .
hu jintao stressed : the chinese party and government have always maintained the traditional friendship and will , as always , make unremitting efforts to consolidate and develop friendly cooperative relations between china and the dprk .
we have highly appreciated .
in the final final session , the eu reiterated its commitment - - supports china 's accession to the wto .
it is possible for various reasons to carry out the implementation of the system of deposits by financial institutions to carry out the system of deposits by financial institutions .
ideological and political work is our party 's fine tradition and political superiority .
within the kuomintang and the kuomintang , he was engaged in order to carry out a move , and <unk> <unk> .
he pointed out : it is necessary to adapt to the new problems and new problems in society and new situations and new problems in accordance with the new situations and new problems .
although there are vast prospects for the prospects for development , the development of e - commerce technology is a systematic project under the fact that china 's macroeconomic market has developed .
according to the report by the law or that other means of registration , the business and commercial criminals shall be punished immediately , and the criminal organ should be immediately immediately by the public and commercial organs .
on the issue of the " one china " principle , hong kong people supported the people 's republic of china .
lee teng - hui [ li denghui ] has been a process of engaging and supporting " taiwan independence . "
wu bangguo stressed that it is necessary to strictly carry out strict responsibility in accordance with the law and implement a comprehensive implementation of the responsibility system .
we believe that the taiwan compatriots will come to invest in mainland china , carry out exchanges and cooperation with mainland mainland china .
where we comes to make progress , there is still more difficult or better to safeguard the overall situation of the two issues .
as everyone knows , there is only one china and taiwan is an inalienable part of chinese territory .
during the first time the first time , political commissar of the first political bureau of the people 's republic of political commissar after the first time has gone , and they are faced with a new knowledge of new knowledge and new knowledge - based training training .
the reform of the enterprise reform , institutions , and distribution , under the reform of reform , institutions , and distribution is to form a large numbers of workers .
taiwan compatriots has moved from the mainland to come to taiwan in terms of the mainland , and the taiwan compatriots have a number of time in the mainland .
in fact , the problem does not mean that simple .
we hope that with the new side , to promote the development of mutually beneficial cooperation between our two countries in the new century .
religious activities in religious activities must be allowed to resolutely crack down on the cults of the cult .
the chinese government led to adhere to peaceful reunification and gave the greatest sincerity and hopes for taiwan compatriots .
<unk> and people welcomed president jiang zemin and expressed his state visit to israel , and expressed his belief that this visit would surely promote the development of bilateral relations .
therefore , in today 's current world sovereignty , the human rights action can only be approved under un authority and leadership under leadership under the leadership of international organizations .
in fact , as a matter of fact , the extreme elements of extreme elements , the dprk and the south - korean people were confused , the dprk and the rok were fully exposed .
it is necessary to make use of foreign capital to make use of foreign capital , but china use of foreign capital to make use of foreign capital to come .
the united states always uses human rights as an excuse with pretext on human rights as a pretext to block the developing countries .
these interest groups ' views on congress to pass the senate and the government on congress to reflect some public opinion and some media and some media .
if the clinton administration refuses to put forth the question of china 's human rights issue , the republican party will focus on this issue so as to <unk> the democratic democratic party .
even some cadres and leading cadres on the basis of the principle of the principle of party organizations , leading to the leadership of the leading cadres , and their responsibilities are also allowed to check corruption .
they have attained the right to interfere in the country 's internal affairs .
in counties ( city ) , the other party committee and other countries also remain open open affairs .
our two countries can promote cooperation and progress in many fields that is extremely important .
he also expressed his gratitude to the south south african government to explicitly adhere to the one - china principle .
since the establishment of diplomatic relations , china and south africa have developed rapidly , but since the establishment of diplomatic relations have been developing rapidly .
on the end of the earlier , he said that even though the votes of us congressional votes in the us congressional administration is likely , he believes that the end would be " smoothly . "
it is absolutely not possible to enjoy a number of collective collective workers in the collective industry .
he said that the chinese people are the most eye on china 's human rights situation .
he also exchanged questions on the dprk 's visit to china .
what is the new cabinet of the taiwan strait ?
judging from grass - roots military regions and universities , the army 's officers and men of the republic of young youth have also sent close learning to the study of various officers and soldiers .
there are reasons reasons in the quality of officers and men , but there is reasons that there is a real reasons that we are not able to effectively establish ideological concepts with the preparations for military struggles .
particularly should be pointed out at the same time , it is also increasingly deeper for the pro - quality military strength .
we should actively support and develop technology technology industries , biological technology , technology , and technical industries , and new technologies , new technologies industries , and new technology industries .
it should give play to play to the role of giving play and commerce .
it is necessary to intensify the methods of methods methods methods .
with the development of science and technology and the level of technological levels , it cannot be very normal , but it cannot be said that it is very normal for the next 10 years to 10 years .
in carrying out activities to carry out this activities , various localities should also carry out propaganda and propaganda activities in conducting propaganda and propaganda .
all these views had a historical scientific scientific research scientific research scientific research , which is of guiding significance .
the united states , in addition to the united states , it has seriously employed the scientists of the scientists , artists and some other kinds of innovations , and an overall enhancement of the nation 's overall quality .
therefore , it is exactly for winning the reason why chen shui - bian 's faith and policy in taiwan .
the advanced nature of the party also determine the advanced nature of our armed forces .
b : china 's accession to the wto is concerned , and there is no opportunities challenge opportunities .
he has been trying to split china , and it is necessary to split the country to split the country .
satellite satellite will be officially officially .
in the century of the century in the century of the century , the united states has received a strong challenge of decline in the competitiveness of 20 percent , competitiveness in a decline of decline .
zhang qiyue pointed out that the chinese side always advocate the most basic principles of developing relations between the state and the country .
therefore , we should vigorously vigorously vigorously 's ideological and political work .
some comrades also believed that a joint job joint figures were made by the joint logistics department .
experts say that peace is the fundamental interests of the two shores on the two sides of the strait , but we must be china 's reunification .
on the other hand , the director of the bureau of the bureau of the bureau under the administration of the administration bureau is <unk> .
grain production structure is the focus of agricultural restructuring .
according to <unk> on 23 may , some town and town workers said : " <unk> " was turned into a <unk> .
moreover , the quality of officers and men in the 21 st century is the key factor of the country 's development .
along with the development of social and economic development and the living standards of the people 's living standards , we cannot meet the needs for the development of the people .
sovereignty is a fundamental principle for realizing human rights , sovereignty sovereignty and non - interfering in internal affairs , and is an important cornerstone for ensuring the healthy and healthy development of the international human rights cause .
it is no way out .
a <unk> said : " if i never understand the nature of his nature , it is not necessary to have no need . "
the city of the police also led a large body of the organization as soon as organizations as well as organizations at the same time , and apart to two time for two time to two time .
therefore , annan proposed that " non - government people should " keep non - governmental ties with the united nations and should attach attention to the role of non - governmental organizations and other non - european organizations .
this is an saying saying : why is it impossible not ?
in the past 20 years , cross - strait relations have achieved a very great development . this shows that our country has a very great development in china , many fields , and many of the people .
for a long time , taiwan 's trade entry was mainly concentrated on long - term long - term long - term , long - term , and senior us trade .
leading cadres in practicing the important thinking of the important thinking of " three represents " is a firm conviction in ideals ideals and convictions to build the goal of building socialism with chinese characteristics and for the goal of socialism with chinese characteristics .
as a result , during the end of the cold war , chen chee - hwa 's <unk> was not <unk> , as much as his wife .
if the people 's survival failed to expand this life , it would be short for the survival to expand space for survival to expand space for survival .
as china securities , president of the people 's bank of china , chairman of the chinese president of the people 's bank of china , made a speech made by chairman of the chinese people 's bank of china .
however , since the central deployment of the cpc central committee and the state of carrying out the three gorges reservoir area , funds have been issued in funds in funds .
no reason that russia 's nuclear disarmament might not have the united states , the nmd plan has also become a " ministry of ministry . "
this is the law law on the same matter .
in particular , the focus of focus should be placed in the past .
such mistakes mistakes is not clear and influence .
so long as all sectors should continue to implement the decisions made by the central authorities ' decisions and arrangements , the national economy will certainly maintain a good development trend .
this is a red force .
hong kong , 13 jul (zts) - - the news agency of the kuomintang [ kmt ] [ kmt ] , chen shui - bian , chen shui - bian , chen shui - bian , chairman of the taiwan strait [ sef ] , recently went to the 80 th anniversary of taiwan 's sef .
on the 15 th world university university , zhang <unk> and his wife was founded in his early morning .
with the economic development of the economy , the people 's living standard is still continually enhanced .
both sides expressed their satisfaction in their cooperation in all fields and that they will push their strategic cooperation partnership in the new century .
in answering a question by a reporter 's relevant question , she said : china was glad to the news that the news was held by the chinese delegation .
to implement the strategy for implementing the central military commission through science and technology , the strategy of scientific and technological science and technology will be decided to carry out combat combat capabilities in order to carry out training training .
in the province , the province will also lead the people 's air defense project , thus enabling the total number of engineering projects .
it is necessary to earnestly strengthen the management of management and management of water resources , highlight the focal points , and use scientific returns .
in order to see the spirit of " falungong " practitioners , li hongzhi has fully demonstrated their health and life among the " falungong " practitioners .
he reiterated that the yugoslav parliament 's adherence to the one - china principle and highly appreciates the principled stand and policy policy of the taiwan issue .
although both sides of the strait have not yet come to the reunification of the two sides of the strait have not been one china .
li peng briefed a briefing on china 's reform and opening up and economic construction , and it is a important experience for the correct reform , development , and stability .
they are the pride of the chinese people , and we must make our efforts to embrace our motherland into the motherland . "
an nato of the us - led nato led by the united states led by us - led nato led a kosovo war , today again again with a profound view .
anti - us anti - ballistic missile plan in the united states indicated that they support their support of the united states ' anti - ballistic missile plan , and their plans to the us and deployment of this system .
in view of the arrival of the new century , mr. ladies said : with the arrival of the new century , china will enter a new development stage of modernization .
according to reports , kim chong - il said that the summit " had created a very good precedent .
however , technological progress has not become the main driving force for increasing raising .
in the syria of syria , the natural resources was <unk> .
after the party central committee and the armed forces , the party central committee and the leaders of the taiwan armed forces took the correct leadership of the party central committee ; conscientiously conscientiously uphold the authority of the party central committee and the state , and has done a lot of work in strengthening the united front 's internal affairs .
the " taiwan propositions " published by lee teng - hui [ li denghui ] was published in line with the " seven - spot theory . "
this is an important source of major sources .
in spite of the facts , science and technology obtained by the fact that the science and technology obtained by the facts have testified by the facts .
what should be done ?
passing , wen jiabao pointed out that the number of water and floods in china are a bearing on the development of the economic and social development and the livelihood of the people 's livelihood .
special attention : ideological and political construction is the military superiority of our party and military .
it is one of the major emphasis of foreign foreign policy .
we will certainly and appreciation .
inside corrupt elements only only one of a very small number . however , they have seriously damaged the party 's image and the image of the people 's government in the masses and undermined the overall situation of reform and stability .
the state administration of commerce and commerce also made an all - round way in an all - round way with unified unified actions to crack down on all ethnic activities , and severely crack down on all of them .
with the british cases of those smuggled smuggled smuggled cases , those who have tried to deal with the previous british people .
<unk> <unk> on the 20 th rate of the 20 th group , which was completed at the meeting .
for example , one 's enterprise is to carry out a small - scale enterprise zone or whether the key is to pursue their own interests , but is the key to " go out of the country . "
experts believe that china needs to counter the monopoly law and the consensus of the government .
meanwhile , chinese opposition from any countries who invited countries in any name or invited countries who invited countries to meet the dalai is to meet the dalai .
it is learned that the exercise are the united states will hold a series of military exercises in this regard .
educational education and the training of a lot of military education has a lot of attitude . "
( 5 ) the state value and their <unk> are selling .
<unk> warmly welcomed premier zhu rongji 's visit to bulgaria .
development is the key to say that the key to resolving all issues lies in china 's settlement of development .
during the cold war war , the world pattern formed a large amount between the two big lines .
his current visit can become a first realization of peace , south - north exchanges and cooperation , and achieving the reunification of the motherland 's reunification .
after the end of the cold war , although the world 's overall situation is almost easing , the conflict and regions of regional conflicts is continual .
what is the case ?
the " opinions " point out that the building of the military and support of the western region is a long - term strategic task .
from the entire history of the history of the party , there is first worth attention that one political political parties is one of the advanced nature of political political parties . first , it is first of first of the party 's program and its strategy .
to fulfill these tasks , all these tasks have also made scientific development and progress .
a person in beijing 's political circles believe that because of sino - us relations will not have a breakthrough in a certain breakthrough in the future , china will not be prepared for the situation in recent years .
the " diplomacy " diplomacy is not firm .
in the same six months , there were more than 30 percent of thousands of thousands of death and death .
at the same time , tajikistan , kyrgyzstan , and kyrgyzstan signed three countries to sign the three countries ' agreement .
the two countries have great potential potential .
this year , since the establishment of diplomatic relations between the two countries , chinese premier zhu rongji , and premier zhu rongji will begin an official visit to italy .
small towns is a product of economic and social development but do not only help economic and social development .
our party came from the people .
zheng said that he often recalled president jiang 's visit to china last year .
as long as one is one china , we welcome china .
of course , there is nothing nothing .
on the morning of the morning of 30 july , president jiang zemin sent a wreath to a wreath in a wreath to a wreath in a bid to win a wreath in the war .
this is a tool that led by the united states - led nato led by the united states led by the united states led by the united states has exposed their substantive nature .
some leaders and members of the six countries have visited their visits to visit china 's political stability , economic development , and hoped that future will further expand exchanges and visits in the future .
the level of the state council 's budget management management bureau has been the better and better level in accordance with the law .
it is necessary to carry out comprehensive comprehensive and comprehensive comprehensive work in the budget of the budget for budget units in the budget , and drawing up a solid basis for formulating the budget budget , and for preparations for formulating the budget budget .
we have abundant natural natural and natural resources , and we are able to build our own countries .
however , it is impossible to recognize and " one country , two systems " is a new things . without any way , it will not be impossible to go to the path that " it is not " it is impossible .
now , the united states has led to the progress of international disarmament and control progress in international disarmament and arms control .
in order to strengthen the building of a spiritual civilization in the new situation , it is necessary to properly grasp the key link to all types of activities in the communities .
therefore , we must pay attention to strengthening the supervision of supervision , supervision , and establish a effective mechanism of corruption .
premier zhu and his party and his party arrived here arrived here after his official visit to italy .
zhu lilan , presided over the meeting .
it has been learned that us arms sales to $ 25 billion .
responsible responsible responsible responsible responsible responsible responsible responsible responsible responsible responsible responsible responsible responsible persons of the various regions , and the responsible persons of the departments should work out their arrangements , work arrangements , and should be responsible for the work and for key areas .
in particular , it is necessary to carry out investigations and regulations on their crimes , especially the units , and units , and in particular , should be punished according to law .
however , we will explicitly lead to the " three represents " put forward by the party 's historical theories , and will also lead to the " outline on party history . "
the historic theme of this phase is the historic theme of resolving the socialist market and construction .
this has given us more important importance to the " three represents . "
the development of tibet is a matter of <unk> - - chinese tibetan studies center , which has long aroused extensive concern and studied studies in tibetan studies .
the visit has shown strong desire with china to further expand economic and trade cooperation with china .
- - increasing mutual understanding and expanding mutual understanding .
some people in industrial and commercial circles to china on the question of china 's economic and political situation , a warm applause .
developing china - european relations is one of the major emphasis of china 's foreign policy .
also briefed the american guests on the recent period of shanghai 's economic and social development .
china must join wto accession to make wto rules and control its accession to the wto .
these experiences have drawn good experiences for us to set up the reform of the cadre personnel system and made new breakthroughs in a new breakthrough .
meanwhile , in the international arena , the falungong " falungong " attempted in all western forces have also met with japan .
the quality of bilateral trade cooperation is also gradually enhanced . the two countries have reached some large part projects in such fields as energy energy , such as energy energy and communications communications .
in some localities , it is necessary to act in accordance with the law .
after the end of the cold war , russia and the rok have developed russian relations with the rok to develop russian - dprk relations , and the influence of russia 's influence in aid to the dprk .
in april , the second anti - japanese campaign on 6 april was now conducted in fujian .
the direct war of the gulf war is a direct war , but the result of war might affect the people in the entire world , but the middle - stricken war was likely to all the people in all parts of china .
russia attaches great importance to its relations with china , and it is believed that the two sides are fully capable of promoting bilateral economic and trade relations between the two countries .
zhu bangzao made the above remarks on relevant questions .
for time , the air force is to take the initiative at present . "
by the end of june , the state - owned commercial banks of commercial banks per <unk> percent to <unk> percent , and other commercial banks to find a relatively low range capacity .
according to the taiwan media , however , to taiwan media that " taiwan and the mainland still have not changed their change with the mainland . "
the group will be on 20 july .
if other countries are willing to study the dprk , the dprk is even willing to carry out a peaceful study of the dprk .
over the past , it is a result of the result of the japanese side .
hence , it is necessary to visit taiwan 's media to visit the taiwan media .
responsible comrades of the relevant departments of the relevant departments of the state council and autonomous provinces ( municipalities ) the relevant departments of the state council and autonomous provinces ( cities ) the relevant departments of the relevant departments of the state council under the relevant departments of the state council under the relevant departments of the state council .
tang jiaxuan said : china and india are two largest developing countries in the world .
when the public security police ended , the public security police had long long long ago .
in addition , when we look up with a loud - acting manner , people were suspected to death .
over the past two years we have made significant progress in the work of difficulty - owned enterprises and has made important progress .
" we should ask ! "
under the one - china principle , developing cross - strait relations is the wish of all chinese people , including taiwan compatriots .
zhang <unk> said : china 's huge huge achievements have obtained huge achievements in cracking down on smuggling smuggling .
the chinese side thanked its valuable support for the consistent valuable support on human rights .
marx pointed out : " accounting for one - third of the total position of ruling party , accounting for one - third of the whole war . "
the americans of a war in the united states is a modern high - tech war , which needs a powerful economic strength .
jiang zemin said : not long ago , the united states and palestine issued a final agreement to the status of palestine and palestine .
new york , 21 aug (zts) - - president clinton , us permanent representative of the united nations , said president clinton and president jiang zemin , president of president jiang zemin , president of the un president , is one of the most important items in early years .
in february this year , the two countries signed a " russian - dprk treaty on friendly and good - neighborly treaty of the dprk - dprk friendship and mutual neighborliness treaty " signed by the dprk and russia .
we highly appreciate the positive role in regional and international affairs .
it is necessary to always use the " three represents " thinking , enhance all sorts of mistakes , resolutely resist the party 's absolute leadership , and forever uphold the party 's absolute leadership , and lead the party and the people .
" it is difficult to fight the <unk> of the law . "
in the 20 th five - year plan , economic globalization is expected to see that the economic exchange and progressive force of economic globalization between the state and the state are increasingly more and more countries .
economic globalization include globalization : trade liberalization and financial internationalization .
judging from the strategic analysis of their strategic analysis , the so - called " decisive battle offshore " means trying to take off the battlefield to the mainland , from taiwan to take part in the mainland .
after ch ' en shui - pien was elected , he proposed proposed " one - china theory , " then then he proposed that " the future one china " was in the speech .
the internet 's internet version , namely , liu , and healthy health .
he emphasized that the one - china principle is the issue of principle .
not long ago , we went to conduct a week visit to the united states .
in addition , there have been a crisis in taiwan in taiwan .
in recent times , chen shui - bian openly openly openly come to the " unification of unification and unification . "
first , at the united nations millennium summit at the un millennium summit , at the un millennium summit , the new york headquarters was the first one - chinese organization at the un headquarters in new york . second , the mainland 's first - chinese organization , <unk> , <unk> , <unk> <unk> , and <unk> <unk> .
jiang zemin said : although we are willing to develop apart , social , and development of the advanced countries , the traditional cultural traditions , the cultural traditions , and the development of the people 's living standard .
he said : the current tax collection of tax collection has given the means of a certain extent .
the two countries have also conducted close cooperation in international and regional affairs .
during his inspection of inspection and inspection departments in inspection , we should set up the experiences of all localities and departments of departments in localities and departments .
in some places , in some places , they used to win the war against other countries and other countries , as well as other other countries to do so as to bring about trouble to the people .
second , it is necessary to seriously affect the conspicuous issues concerning social stability and order and to prevent contradictions and prevent contradictions .
qian qichen expressed care concern for taiwan 's recent arms visit to taiwan .
specific measures shall be determined by the state council . "
an event before the visit , i returned to his visit , and after his visit to taiwan , it was a large number of 20 hours .
however , in view of some reports in the us religious circles , some taiwan religious reports said that although the specific situation are in china , there can be be weak , because of the chinese protestant association .
the meeting was approved by the state council for long million yuan of long - term bonds for long - term national bonds to increase input and adjustment of the central finance budget .
leaders of leadership members should conduct closely and work style of work style , profoundly profoundly study and solve practical problems in order to solve practical problems in the schools and development of schools .
zhang quanjing said : the secretaries of higher learning should make hard efforts to become a socialist politicians of socialism .
in 1997 , <unk> characters of characters could have been published in 1997 , and there have been a great deal in 1997 .
this is because of the standing committee of the people 's liberation army , this is the matter of social contradictions and social contradictions with the france of the law . this is a fine image of <unk> and strength .
when answering a question on the chinese religious circles in accordance with the " falungong " cult in religious circles , the wang <unk> said : " falungong " caused more than 1,600 1,600 and drug - related and drugs .
chen <unk> , chief of the " special network " of the people 's army , chief chief chief editor , chief chief editor of the people 's daily army ] , and chief chief of wang <unk> , chief chief of wang <unk> , chief chief of wang <unk> , chief editor of the " network network " for the first time .
over the same year , the dprk has established diplomatic relations with italy .
beijing , 12 aug ( xinhua ) - - " how ? " news weekly of the xinhua news program published a signed article published a signed article published by the history of history .
deng xiaoping theory as guidance to guide the development trend of china 's population , and comprehensively analyze the guiding guiding guiding guiding guiding guiding guiding guiding guiding guiding guiding guiding guiding guiding guiding guiding guiding guiding guiding guiding guiding guiding guiding guiding guiding guiding guiding guiding guiding guiding guiding guiding guiding guiding guiding guiding guiding guiding guiding guiding guiding guiding guiding guiding guiding guiding guiding guiding guiding guiding guiding guiding guiding guiding guiding guiding guiding guiding guiding guiding guiding guiding guiding guiding guiding guiding guiding guiding guiding guiding guiding guiding guiding guiding guiding guiding guiding guiding guiding guiding guiding guiding guiding guiding guiding guiding guiding guiding guiding
hu gan stressed : various localities and departments concerned should seriously study the method of eliminating contradictions and eliminating contradictions and handling methods , constantly sum up experience , and make sure that this work can be long through a long time .
the chinese government will continue to practice its friendly policy toward japan .
according to the reports of the villagers , including zhang <unk> , zhao <unk> , and village village of village and village cadres have taken place in investigating city 's " family festival " and was arrested by public security department .
he continued his visit to china , and has always devoted positive efforts to friendly exchanges and cooperation in the cultural field .
it is exactly that the developing countries are worried about by the developing countries .
he personally personally two families and see that they are living in their lives and lives . the government has a social security social security , which has left a profound impression on this .
he held that the socialist country needs to develop productive forces and only other countries and other countries can achieve their power .
during his visit to cuba , he also signed the signing of bilateral trade and economic cooperation with cuba and economic cooperation signed signed agreements . the two sides represent a meeting on bilateral trade negotiations .
in order to split the splittist elements of the chinese nation , he is an " space space space space , " and the pace of our country 's reunification will always be separated in a rather way that will always be used in our country forever .
by the end of this year , there were above more than us $ 150 billion .
jiang chunyun emphatically pointed out : the basis for doing a good job of the basic foundation for doing a good job in the work of basic basic foundation for the basic level .
now , china has reached the ninth world 's ninth in the world , and the scale of economy is a number of world .
in his speech at the symposium of opening the opening ceremony , the chinese nation pointed out : the chinese nation is a common and cultural traditions .
the international community immediately expressed an extensive understanding of the dprk and the dprk 's normal action .
during the 10 years , the court court of the court court to serve as well as their political rights , political rights , and property property were sentenced to <unk> yuan , and the court was sentenced to 100,000 yuan .
the three countries signed joint agreement on joint august .
reform and opening up shows that the practice of reform and opening up shows that from the tremendous changes from social and economic development and improving the socialist masses which have brought benefits benefits to the interests of economic development and improving the socialist system .
academies and universities are the local local personnel for the future and development of our army , and we must have higher criteria and requirements on practicing the important thinking of " three represents . "
sweden foreign minister <unk> reiterated that the eu will continue to adhere to the one - china policy .
the dprk hope that the cpc and the chinese people have in line with its own national condition and wishes its own national condition .
tang jiaxuan said : these consensus have important guidance on our work of our work .
chairman li peng used the old old old old old old friends , and we feel glad that we are happy about this .
today , they have been deeply deeply about the news of china 's news reporting , and they have even <unk> .
without stability without stability , xinjiang 's development will be hard to be implemented .
in beijing , the establishment of a new zone is a stable and a benign road to a benign cycle .
if a war breaks out in the taiwan strait breaks out of the taiwan strait , it was a serious task of foreign trade and economic development , and many industrial industry will surely grow into the same as a whole .
the implementation of this process is still more open .
their purpose is to put and block the passage of bills and sabotage sino - us relations .
in addition to the relatively surplus surplus surplus capabilities , the cities in urban areas , cities , cities , cities , cities , and other labor - intensive sector .
this is the reason why the chinese people are willing to conduct their ties with the conduct of the western countries .
president jiang 's important expositions on strengthening the ideological and political education in the new situation has provided a correct orientation for the correct orientation .
this period was jointly sponsored by the central department department .
director of the state council , director of the state council , shi guangsheng , minister of foreign trade and economic cooperation , and director of the state council .
second , during the second time , the us aircraft - launched methods has also made noticeable results .
the scale network network network network network network and telecommunication network network network networks .
there was an important one ago , but it is still important to hold an important position in russia 's diplomatic diplomacy .
<unk> demanded that the experiences of advanced units gained the experiences of advanced units to comprehensively strengthen the building of the advanced units and comprehensively strengthen the building of the building of the armed units in all areas .
this shows that china 's foreign economic trade has gradually expanded the shadow of the asian financial crisis .
in addition to the people 's air defense system of the people 's air defense system is a complicated systematic project . " but it is necessary to establish a high - defense defense system , and the people 's air defense system is to establish and develop ?
the key city of the region 's air defense industry has opened a higher level and more than 70 million people 's air defense network .
the provincial provincial provincial public security department made a report in 1998 since 1998 .
by this year , the 10 th five - year plan of the urban and rural people 's living standards can be achieved .
it is necessary to step up the construction of the press contingent and work style of construction .
leaders of all units in particular , especially the principal comrades of the party and government principal principal comrades of the party and party , must be responsible for integrating the democratic centralism and carrying out a high degree of democratic politics .
to enforce corruption and punishing corruption , it is necessary to firmly punish the practice of the practice : first .
washington , 25 nov ( xinhua ) - - the second chinese culture of the chinese culture , opened on 13 march .
the participants also expressed the hope that the vatican would be able to change the policy toward china and will not inject new obstacles to improve new obstacles .
<unk> - - the secretary of the japanese side 's self - defense department came to come to the chinese side to come to fujian .
wang <unk> pointed out : developed countries should further open up developing countries to the developing countries and quickly quickly as quickly as possible , and effectively solve the existing problem of developing countries .
to the glory of the motherland , the motherland will be able to fight over the motherland !
in this way , it will be able to break the power of the great power and ensure that the " strict administration governing strict administration " with strict posts .
the future is not very confident .
the factors toward taiwan is of course , but can also change from the angle .
many local residents have also come that " falungong " exercises is in common and is the tool of some people in certain people .
this means , there are also more than 1,000 people . "
he stressed : this forum is a major event in the history of sino - african relations . it is of great significance to push forward the development of sino - african relations in the new century .
sino - japanese economic and trade cooperation between the 21 st century is excellent .
the independence and construction of algeria have won china 's sincere assistance .
li peng said : china and his geographical was very serious .
mao zedong , zhou enlai , and deng xiaoping repeatedly stressed that the responsibility of war and deng xiaoping have stressed that the japanese people are still in the japanese people .
ambassador li briefed gave a wide wide on sino - japanese cooperation during the past year . these include signed sino - japanese cooperation projects , including scientific , technological , culture , culture , and other areas .
the formation of the ships were reached by the ships .
he pointed out that at present , the central party central committee and the state council are very concerned about this .
we hold that the policy of " one country , two systems " and realizing reunification is absolutely not a way to change the current system and the way of taiwan .
tokyo , 14 sep (zxs) - - chinese premier zhu rongji received an interview with japanese people in tokyo today .
these achievements are not hard - - the achievements of the people of the same year and the masters of all generations .
the gdp <unk> percent of the gdp had been 10 percent in 1999 , <unk> percent in 2000 , <unk> percent in 2000 , and the rate of the year 2000 .
he said : china possesses a long history and splendid culture .
the smoke of the " red army " refers to the smoke of the sea in the <unk> of the <unk> against the sea . in addition , the " enemy " carried out by the <unk> of the enemy .
our country 's living standards is to reach well .
third , contents abundant rich contents .
he said : china hopes that these countries will be able to proceed from china 's friendly and cooperative relationship with china in the overall situation of their friendly cooperation with china .
( 2 ) vigorously strengthening and expanding cooperation between asia and europe .
changes in the korean peninsula , the situation in the korean peninsula and its peripheral region will continue to change the relations between the countries .
at the end of last year , at that time , the taiwan vice president lien chan said that taiwan should develop in developing china and long - range .
according to planning according to planning , in line with the planning in line with the planning in line with the planning in line with the planning , the large service project must be used .
next year the opening - up three links will not apply to the side .
in future high - tech warfare , a future high - tech war is a confrontation with operational operational operational system , weaponry , and operational system , and systems systems with confrontation .
china is in the historical period of industrial restructuring , construction , construction , and industrial structure , and the problem of industrial structure and some other problems have become a relatively prominent problem .
without stability , without a stable political and social environment , all plans will be put up .
all this makes the united states further up its relationship with the dprk .
during the current future , we should strengthen overall planning and guidance in order to strengthen overall planning and guidance in a down - to - earth manner .
the other project of china 's satellite satellite satellite is also strong .
continued to strengthen and develop the dprk conforms to the fundamental interests of the two peoples , it is of important significance for safeguarding peace and security in asia and the world .
beijing , 23 dec ( xinhua ) - - the state council today , the state council has held a national conference on selling selling and selling selling selling selling selling and selling selling selling selling selling and selling selling selling selling and selling selling selling selling and selling selling selling selling and selling selling selling selling and selling selling counterfeit and selling counterfeit sales at present .
they said that china 's changes not only has not only aroused them . they have also made them because china 's economic development is beneficial to the world 's economic development .
only by continuously carrying out reform and in the course of judicial practices can be resolved . problems that we can be established .
he said : since a half half century , relations between the two countries have always been maintained and stable .
hu jintao fully affirmed the activities of both sides of the strait to promote economic cooperation and promote mutual understanding and mutual understanding between the two sides of the strait .
in the current future , wu yi said : the gathering session of the chinese government departments and the development plans of the un development plan in promoting china and the development of e - commerce and e - commerce plans in promoting the development of china in modern asia and commerce .
however , chen shui - bian suggested out that chen shui - bian 's " i wanted out " of the 1992 1992 . chen shui - bian declared out out of the " my me . "
wei jianxing also highly expressed the positive appraisal of the parliaments of parliaments and cooperation between the two countries and hopes that the two sides will conduct fruitful exchanges and make efforts to promote the development of bilateral ties .
article 1999 : " encourage shall encourage and guide overseas chinese or overseas overseas chinese or overseas overseas chinese or overseas overseas chinese , especially their enterprises at all levels to provide their legitimate rights and interests .
during his visit to russia , chairman li peng pointed out : the chinese and russian economies are strongly complementary and potential , and they should truly abide through economic and trade cooperation cooperation .
as a result of the case , chen shui - bian still cannot find a certain way in his words .
moreover , the new government 's business and investment with investment in the communist government can also be able to establish bilateral trade and investment ; and they can be able to establish bilateral trade and investment ; the bush administration will be able to open up their trade and investment .
the world 's overall development needs to strengthen dialogue and contact , enhance mutual understanding and understanding .
scientific and technological development also also includes the scope of science and technology .
at the end of the end , many <unk> <unk> , many <unk> <unk> , an <unk> of the " unity , stability , and prosperity . "
because of the so - called security , the so - called just is only a pretext , nor it does not want to spend up during political and political disputes .
yang <unk> , vice chairman of the npc committee of the national people 's congress [ npc ] , expressed the hope that local people 's congresses and vice chairman of the law - enforcement committee expressed the hope of the law enforcement committees .
he said : the relations between china and china have 50 years since the establishment of diplomatic relations .
at the end of the cold war of the cold war of the cold war of the cold war of the cold war of the cold war of the cold war of the cold war of the cold war of the cold war of the cold war of the cold war of the cold war of the cold war of the cold war of the cold war of the cold war of the cold war of the cold war of the cold war of the cold war of the cold war of the cold
we should strengthen good - neighborly friendship and friendship with the fundamental interests of our two countries .
it is necessary to adopt development in the development of these areas and to pay attention to the development of long - term development .
( 2 ) there are a native - to - earth scale within the 20 th line area .
chi haotian first conveyed chairman li peng 's cordial greetings and best wishes to president jiang zemin and asked his cordial greetings and good wishes to president jiang zemin .
bush , president of the united states , made a speech with gore .
qiu xiaohua held that before the first three percent of the first three - year consumption rate , it also also decided to deal with the government 's wages for improving terms of wages of wages and control , and to push forward the relevant reform .
the chinese side is willing to work with brunei and coordinate with brunei .
this kind of " ta declaration , " published by a country , said : " china is a unified country , " and this is precisely a country 's history of history . this kind of consciousness has enabled us to become a country . "
to achieve the requirement of the " three represents " demands , we must fully understand the importance of doing a good job in the new century , and do a better understanding of the importance of doing a good job in the work of improving the " three stresses " education .
article famc .
in this way , china is willing to establish a long - term powers and further expand bilateral cooperation in economic and trade and trade , cooperation , and other fields .
second , we will step up the construction of water conservation and water conservation .
areas at all levels at all levels must take the need to carry out water water conservancy water , and do a good job in the work of a good job in order to do a good job in the work of improving the people 's police work .
leaders expressed welcome to zhu rongji 's speech on zhu rongji 's positive appraisal and made positive appraisal to the development of relations between china and asean . he expressed warm welcome and sincere thanks to premier zhu rongji .
the so - called " three <unk> " refers to the group groups group :
the ministry of defense and staff high - ranking officials have revealed that they would not be revealed with the new purchase of the new soldier .
first , they will not be able to achieve such a extent of such a extent between china and the united states and other fields .
she noted that china will continue to lay a just and reasonable role in the building of iraq on iraq .
the arats of the arats will be holding the consensus of the sef .
it is necessary to conscientiously summarize and deepen the common understanding of the economic work , continuously improve the level of economic work , continuously improve the level of economic work , continuously improve the level of economic work and expanding the overall ability of economic work .
tang jiaxuan also conveyed president jiang 's invitation to visit china next year .
this has a good force force , with a powerful force force , so as to safeguard the market 's interests as their capital interests and in their own interest .
first , we must focus on the quality of grassroots cadres ' quality .
what is now ? "
everyone did listening to you .
it is necessary to help solve the actual difficulties in production production and do a good job in developing production and operation in production and operation .
he said : china and france have supported each other in international organizations , and maintained good relations with each other .
jiang zemin stressed that only by adhering to the new century , only by adhering to the patriotic patriotic patriotic united front , unity together with all generations of the chinese nation and realize the great rejuvenation of the chinese nation .
on the consumption of labor , shandong , houses , entertainment , entertainment , entertainment , and other consumption consumption , <unk> percent , <unk> percent , <unk> percent , and <unk> percent of the daily consumption consumption consumption .
in addition to the federal court ' court , the federal court ' congress gave a grand session on the democratic party 's election in florida .
today 's the chinese people , including the civil rights and freedom of the chinese people , including various legal systems , and freedom of freedom of freedom , is freedom freedom of freedom and freedom of freedom .
he said that last year the total amount of export and export of china 's total imports in the entire country has reached $ <unk> billion , and it is estimated that the growth rate of double percent .
a beijing source revealed that beijing was held in beijing yesterday .
the asian financial crisis sent a profound lesson , and the more it is difficult for the more difficult .
macao 's return to the first anniversary of the first anniversary of the central government and the central government will firmly implement the policy of " one country , two systems . "
li peng , hu jintao , hu jintao , and other central leading comrades of urban central leading comrades , li lanqing , and li lanqing has also inspected the work of urban building on urban building .
all of all units have explored a positive exploration and many good experience .
during the " 10 th five - year plan " period , china has launched a satellite satellite , including satellites , satellite satellites , satellite satellite satellites , satellite satellite satellite satellite , satellite satellite satellite , satellite satellite satellite , satellite satellite satellite , and satellite satellite satellite .
in the last month since the last month , the dprk were on the korean battlefield , and the united states led to the united states to air us air force men and created a <unk> of <unk> .
fifth , strengthening the participation in the participation and increase the efforts of safeguarding our rights .
with the final agreement of the railway railway agreement , the south - south economic and trade cooperation will bring into great significance to the development of the central - south economic and cooperation .
the voters is related to the united states ' domestic policy policy , such as national revenue , such as taiwan 's revenue , accounting , and economic education , and the education policy .
of course , the new new government will take a specific policy to take any specific policy . it is still difficult for the us foreign policy policy .
it is understood that since the purpose of the united states and the united states took the purpose of the united states , each member of the middle - european military soldiers , is the general secretary of the leading bodies of different bodies - - among the general staff of the various countries - - the leading defense department - - under the defense defense department - - defense secretary of defense .
this fully shows that macao will not only enjoy macao , but can also enjoy better than the past in the past .
as the first session of the first group th party committee 's first session of the first session of the strait [ npc ] , he made a speech on the first session of the first session of the strait .
the developed countries is expected to open percent economic growth , and the developing countries are expected to reach percent percent , and the economic growth rate rate was <unk> percent , and the economic growth rate is <unk> percent .
at that time , president jiang zemin and his party were accompanied accompanied by the chief chief executive chief castro on the chief chief executive .
liu jing gave a reply to answer and asked questions : " what is still the number of your people ?
beijing , 23 dec ( xinhua ) - - today , vice premier of the state council today : strengthening the safety of safety safety to the national mine - based safety work in this morning .
the large numbers of the vast numbers of residents must be dismissed .
the authorities also pointed out that hong kong 's " new ones " and " taiwan independence " will be one of the key points of the mainland .
for example , for example , zhang <unk> , former director of the zhejiang city public security bureau , former director of the city public security bureau and director of the city public security bureau .
in guangdong , regional crackdown on the hong kong and macao sectors in guangdong will mainly make a better crackdown on taiwan 's peace talks .
participants said that it is necessary to thoroughly carry out the spirit of the implementation of the session , give full play to the advantages of the implementation of the session , and make full play to the advantages of the " world peace and promote common development . "
beijing , 18 may ( xinhua ) - - the standing committee of the ninth national people 's congress [ npc ] held a draft meeting for the first plenary session of the ninth national people 's congress [ npc ] standing committee for deliberation and draft law for the first session of the ninth national people 's congress [ npc ] standing committee today .
the law committee expressed its contents in this regard .
at los angeles , the number of members of the ldp members have been <unk> .
as a result of the chinese people 's sense of human rights and in asia , the people of chinese living in ethnic may may be equal as well as the campaign for the campaign to enhance the election of the chinese community .
under the situation of hegemonism and power power politics , in particular , china must strengthen military means to strengthen sovereignty and security .
it is necessary to open up the content of the open content .
it is necessary to persist in the content of the contents of the contents of the content , work results , and carry out the results of reform , improve the unity of the masses , and do so as to seek progress in the mind .
however , it is still necessary to enter the kmt 's kmt .
the principle for the us policy to prevent the principle of cross - strait war cannot be based : if the communist cpc is not independent , the two sides seek a peaceful way to seek peace .
the condition of the times in the 20 th century and the special conditions of china 's special conditions has undergone great <unk> .
the more than 100 yuan claimed that the arrogance of the law had causing the ' right to get well .
it has been learned that the ministry of science and technology will be listed for supporting support for international science and technology cooperation .
with the growth growth of a population , rapid economic and social development , water , petroleum , petroleum , oil resources , and other resources will seriously pose a serious threat to china 's environmental development in the future .
actively explore ways to explore the use of funds of funds for investment fund funds .
it is necessary to provide advanced technology and equipment for the western region , including advanced technology technology and equipment , and the state has made support for foreign commercial loans .
the central departments concerned and research institutions should strengthen their talents and scientific research institutions in the western region , and should strengthen their talents and support for the western region .
in his speech , he put forward specific demands on party building in his speech next year .
asked you gave a briefing on scientific and technological education and policies .
according to statistics , in october last year , the province of taiwan compatriots have fully reflected the fact that the people of taiwan compatriots have reflected their long - range visit to taiwan .
they believe that china 's strong development will become a big country , but they will become a major country in a military country .
at present , the state council has approved the approval of the state council .
along with these implementation of the ecological project , it is believed that the goal of " one - plus " goal will certainly be realized .
in fact , china 's vast market market was in market due to a buyer in a buyer 's market . the market is not allowed to increase by the market .
in the long period of long - term struggle , the cpc have been combined with the reality of marxism - leninism , mao zedong thought and deng xiaoping theory .
shandong has already followed relevant procedures and secretary of the county city public security bureau and secretary of the county city bureau and continued to conduct investigation investigation in accordance with law .
beijing , 5 dec (zxs) - - the fact that china does not allow the reform of interest rates this year is a news report of the people 's republic of china ?
on the other hand , the people of setting up the public that the mainland was put forward by the mainland . the mainland has a large amount of restrictions from the mainland 's non - funded restrictions .
the ideological and political construction of the ideological and political construction in science and technology have been made in reform , the improvement of weaponry and equipment has noticeably improved , and the overall effectiveness of weaponry and equipment is continuously enhanced .
we should continue to improve and strengthen the management of state - roots projects , prevent construction and construction of state - funded projects , and ensure the use of treasury returns .
if there will be a result , there will occur some kinds of setbacks .
as soon as the minister of defense 's defense minister , i does not agree to include the system of the whole system , including a report on the internet , and he said .
along with the disintegration of the soviet union , the new pattern of the international political stage appeared a new pattern of competition .
high - level high - level personalities said : " taiwan does not recognize the taiwan authorities even recognize the fact that they do not recognize the " mini three mini three links . "
the four aspects : china has been made in last year , and the relationship between china and various powers have been improved and developed .
" without direct direct , " he said that the " three links " are a country 's internal affair and must be conducted under the principle of one china .
shen guofang : we are concerned about the work of the united nations and the developing countries and the organization ( group ( group ) , and the organization of the organization ( group ) , and the organization of all organizations have taken place on some important issues .
it is therefore necessary to say that the number of weapons have already been considered .
however , in the less of the anti - china " assault " and " <unk> " and the closer in anti - china arena , they will have the right to make greater words .
it is learned that the two types of china 's investment in our country have two two years , and there will be some new nuclear items during the " 10 th five - year plan " period .
while international market markets , it is also necessary to make efforts to open up the achievements in domestic market .
the two peoples should further strengthen cooperation in various fields between the two countries and for their respective contribution to their respective respective peace and interests of the world .
with the development of the tourism , such as railways , railways , railways , transportation , transportation , and transportation , transportation , and other departments are coordinated .
it is precisely so that it is exactly .
the voice of arafat ' arafat for arafat has not only been subject to some other organizations and other organizations who have not been allowed to visit other organizations from other organizations .
it will also support the work of building civilization work in urban civilization , and provide spiritual support and intellectual support for the capital 's reform , opening up , and modernization .
when clinton was during the clinton administration , chairman of the clinton administration , when he served , chairman of the clinton administration , believed that the united states often feel us troops abroad in washington .
he said : the cpc is established established establishment of friendly relations between the cpc and syria , high - level contacts between the cpc and syria , have continued to increasing new channels for the comprehensive development of relations between the two countries .
<unk> thanked thanked hu jintao for his briefing .
we stressed good - neighborly friendship and friendship .
this does not mean that it is one china 's past and clear .
in a major scientific research test , the successful success is to be successful .
at the attending attending the meeting , jiang zemin , jiang zemin , and other central leading comrades of the central leading comrades of the central leading comrades , took warm applause to the meeting with attending the meeting .
there is a prominent prominent prominent in agricultural science and technology in the field of agricultural science and technology , and the pace of agricultural innovation is a agricultural innovation system for agricultural science and technology .
over the past 30 years since the establishment of diplomatic relations between china and 28 years , thanks to the joint efforts of leaders of our two countries over the past 30 years , the friendly relations of cooperation between china and cuba have constantly developed new development .
however , there are some problems in the two countries ' arms sales to taiwan , such as us arms sales to taiwan and the us deployment of nmd (nmd) (nmd) .
in order to space space space space space space space space space space space space space space space space space space space space space space space space space space space is space space , it will also use space weapons weapons .
however , since the " enemy 's " special attack lies at an attack attack , when the " enemy 's " attack , the " special enemy , " and " enemy 's tv system . "
through more than two years of hard work , the economic crisis has gradually slowed from the crisis of the financial crisis and gradually resumed percent of the country , which is in the direction of continuous development .
li ruihuan , member of the political bureau of the cpc central committee political bureau and chairman of the cppcc national committee , attended the meeting .
some members of the wto members have made important efforts to promoting the talks in promoting the talks between the talks .
on other other documents , the departments concerned asked the request to ask reporters with reporters that reporters with news organizations .
the main measures adopted : first , people have been hit .
many people have also urged bush to handle the taiwan issue , especially arms sales to taiwan , and affect the overall situation of sino - us relations .
under the situation of cross - strait talks , jiang zemin is to provide a favorable opportunity for cross - strait talks .
in areas of urban management , we should also attach great importance to modernization building .
in terms of education , bush proposed a " carefully - out plan " in education .
hence , the cross - strait agreement signed an agreement on cross - strait agreement and gradually gradually become a concept of the united states .
the general case found an important leading leading leading cadres in charge of public party organizations and financial institutions to 10 10 jobs , and the public financial institutions , former director of the city public security bureau .
chen yunlin emphasized that " taiwan independence " will definitely be a war war .
however , over the past year or so , this organization has gone far far more than 20 percent of its organization as an organization for an organization and relying relying on international forces ' anti - china activities .
a large number of facts have shown that the organization and activities of " falungong " activities in hong kong and are stepping up a religion of religion .
both sides also exchanged views on us arms sales to taiwan , the us " national missile defense system " and the " theater missile defense system " and friendly views on other issues of the united states .
the social security system is a " stable " of social stability , and all countries in the world have regarded as a " one - day work . "
the united states should make a greater security plan to implement the nmd program in order to implement the nmd program .
the " falungong " makes by li hongzhi lies in essence .
in addition , the united states ' strategy for china strategy .
it is necessary to persist in seeking truth from facts and seeking truth from facts . "
it is necessary to prevent the people 's congress , and the most man is being affected by director of them .
do they keep the wrong character ?
innovation is the wisdom of wisdom 's wisdom and knowledge knowledge .
since it has been said that the government 's diplomatic institutions in hong kong and macao are concerned in hong kong ; it will also follow relevant regulations with political groups and non - political groups .
the spokesman said that some people have some people in the united states hope the united states and the dprk 's relations with the dprk .
it has been learned that on the basis of studying the training of study and study , various units also carried out " opposing ideas and scientific " education in science and technology .
at the same time , various units also sent a " member - going " cult among the masses , and help the masses to help the masses ' evil cult , help the " falungong " cult , and help the stability of the " falungong " cult .
this is the article entitled " three direct links " to promote the one - china principle .
he said : they will conscientiously study the revision of revising the draft report .
it is perhaps that the idea of li hongzhi and the so - called " consummation " refers to the so - called " consummation " of the people , but the " falungong " followers in their followers have become <unk> .
in future the future , he hoped the issue of the apec issue will be further expanded , expand culture , and other fields .
he said that in the past 10 years , taiwan businessmen have invested in the mainland .
as a result , the us federal security bureau has been confirmed into a record of more than 100 million enterprises , and these are all the same account of the us and communist china .
in particular , when overseas chinese and ethnic chinese abroad , one after the establishment of the " independence independence " and " independence independence , " enthusiasm the enthusiasm for china 's reunification .
it encouraged that it is encouraged to set up water and regions .
the apec ministers of the asia - pacific economic and trade cooperation organization will be held a four ceremony .
jiang zemin also briefed the guests on china 's domestic situation and its views on the current situation .
in order to carry out a mechanism of competition in building a competitive industrial industry , it is necessary to give priority to the existing structure of the existing industrial structure , otherwise the wto and fair competition .
reform is a systematic project project .
the source disclosed that after returning to the case , the provincial party committee of the yuanhua provincial cpc committee , and the first municipal party committee of the guangdong provincial party committee , and accepted the office of the jiangxi provincial party committee , accepted his office at the office when he was appointed secretary of the party committee .
in an analysis of the investigation case , the investigation team held that " the fire may be a serious mistake .
over the years , the chinese people have made great efforts to express national sovereignty and territorial integrity and together the great assistance of the nation .
when some scientific scientific research units , he said that he had become " instructions " and become the " instructions " of his views .
the spokesman said that countries and the establishment of diplomatic ties established diplomatic ties with the people 's republic of china established diplomatic ties .
in addition to the grass - roots grassroots party organizations , party organizations , the party organization , clearly spread the methods of the law , adopted the law on law education , and make an ideological and political education against the " falungong " addicts .
according to the initial way of <unk> city , it has been difficult for a long time to return to the outside world . there is no matter because there is no place because there is no matter because there is no death because there is no death . "
this year , cross - strait relations may come from taiwan 's political parties to take part in the cross - strait relations .
in this way , the entire member of the regiment has already completed all its work to beijing to investigate the olympic games .
in his way , he faces !
before this , it will also be able to find a new missile test .
zhu bangzao pointed out that china 's stand on iraq is consistent and clear .
the overwhelming majority of " falungong " practitioners have become a common duty of society .
wang lequan , executive deputy secretary of the regional party committee , attended the meeting and made an important speech at the meeting .
as a matter of fact , iraq 's opposition and other countries are both countries , they have no matter that they have no matter how they are not any matter . they have no matter that they did not harm the united states ?
with regard to the long - term research institute of the united states , the americans of americans in the united states has grown stronger , and there are not a very longer time .
in this regard , the public security organs arrested arrested public security and arrested public security organs under the criminal syndicate of the criminal syndicate criminal syndicate criminal syndicate criminal syndicate , and dealt with criminal gang criminal gang .
the company raised a special company in her town .
liu biao also answered questions about relevant questions concerning relevant issues .
at the same time , we must change the change of rural power in rural areas in accordance with the requirements of the basic requirements of the socialist market economy in accordance with the requirements of the basic requirements of the socialist market economy , improve the management structure , and improve the leading management system in the rural areas .
in the area of energy - energy sector , beijing 's energy energy will be viewed from the other world to the world , such as gas , <unk> , <unk> , and <unk> .
after bush promised to build a bigger , it is still more an all - round defense system .
therefore , the united states demanded that the united states united states to - russia talks with russia is to seek a bigger extent .
in regard to the legal legal system of china in many areas , <unk> <unk> <unk> pointed out that china has not been able to enact the legal issue , and protecting the need to protect the legislation .
guangdong 's vice president sun <unk> arrived at the banquet in banquet .
it has been learned that after next year , jiang zemin will send president jiang next next year , president of the presidential military commission .
wang <unk> , deputy secretary of the military region of the military region military region , said : " in the past , there are a cadre of a cadre and young party cadres , a cadre in the army .
the political struggle , however , and individuals have been filled in this struggle .
development is the key to solving the development of the times .
faced with the heavy heavy heavy heavy , we should be heavy heavy ! "
over the past more than 200 years , huang was sentenced to death and death .
recently , in an interview with an interview with cnn , a us - class alliance said that he used to raise china 's media about their influence about the chinese media .
this is an important issue of strengthening and improving the party 's building in the new period .
hu jintao expounded the importance of strengthening party building at the party 's history .
npc standing committee vice chairman buhe , vice chairman of the cppcc national committee , attended the welcoming ceremony .
reporter asked : china has now ratified the " convention on convention ? "
he said : all cppcc units and the majority of the cppcc members resolutely support the central committee 's important policy decision on handling the handling of the " falungong . "
from the stage of development stage , china 's industrialization has yet to complete the process of modernization .
zhou <unk> pointed out that we should create a still favorable favorable policy and the market environment , so as to enable the non - public - public economic and health development .
he said at a fourth session held by the fourth session of the ninth npc today .
vigorously strengthening the building of building spiritual civilization and democracy , promote the relationship between reform , development , and stability , and ensure social stability .
the navy has drawing the source of the navy in the navy ?
another <unk> point , he has not only responsible responsible persons of the man .
reporters from a middle - scale exchange of <unk> <unk> : " how can china 's economy can be realized ? "
committee member niu <unk> said , in recent years , china 's agriculture and rural infrastructure has achieved remarkable results , but compared with cities with cities .
committee member yang <unk> pointed out that it should regard the development of the agricultural industry as the agricultural structure , increasing the major industries of peasant incomes , to increase peasants ' income .
wang <unk> , su <unk> , zhang <unk> , and zhu <unk> , wang <unk> , wang <unk> , wang <unk> , wang <unk> , and zhu <unk> , also gave their views on the issue of the financial system , and developing new and new technology .
he said : as a old industrial industrial industrial , liaoning is also facing many difficulties and problems .
entrusted by the state council , minister xiang huaicheng made a report on the central party central committee and the central government budget and the draft budgets on 2000 .
the report has a new height , and this will be stronger .
<unk> , members of the committee members spoke that he had his views and his views . at his same time , he said his views and his views is very important in this spirit .
the outline of the 10 th five - year plan is a " three - step " development strategy .
this phenomenon has been given to this phenomenon .
deputy yang <unk> said : in order to push forward the modernization building of the armed forces , it is means to guide comrade jiang zemin 's important thinking on the " three represents " and do a good job in building a good job in building a good job in building a good job in building a good job in building a good job in building a good job of cadres .
huang ju said : thanks to the efforts of the shanghai people , shanghai has achieved new changes in the restructuring of economic restructuring , adjusting the readjustment of the socialist market economy .
he said : since the implementation of reform and opening up policy , china experienced tremendous achievements in economic , political , cultural , and diplomatic activities .
over the past year , thanks to the support of the central government , the various governments have adopted various measures to effectively crack down on crimes and effectively safeguard social stability .
it is necessary to give full scope to its maximum efficiency and the greatest source of the new type of military personnel , vigorously train new - style military professionals , and provide qualified material for winning to win qualified personnel .
he also said : since the day the incident had been <unk> , there has been a frequent conflict between the two conflicts .
" we must keep the course of all forces to promote the strong contingents of the system . "
party committees and governments at all levels should regard science and technology and make innovations in the key to solve the key place in the economic and social development , and earnestly resolve the practical problems in resolving the development of economic and social development .
such problems will be a serious impact on china 's modernization drive .
trade projects should take a good job in the environment of environmental protection , such a total of 80 percent in the project .
during their discussion and discussion , they held that the strategy of urbanization is an important choice for china to attain the realization of urbanization in the new century .
it is necessary to strengthen supervision and inspection of " three stresses " study activities .
last year , the npc standing committee adopted wide and methods of various sectors to extensively listen to various sectors to listen to all sides , and they have good good results .
attending the meeting were vice president acftu , vice chairman of the standing committee of the chinese people 's society , and zhang <unk> , vice chairman of the <unk> , attended the meeting .
at the cppcc , member of the standing committee of the cppcc national committee has become a topic for discussion .
deng xiaoping said : " our success in the final success is a success of the success of the political system .
chairman of the new bush , chairman of the hong kong new century president , chairman of the general chairman of the hong kong new century company , believes that china is now now now , is one of the world 's largest production bases in the world , and at the same time , increasing the scale of expansion in the world .
as long as china 's government 's military spending , the total total of the united states , including other western countries , and other western countries also have much than more than half other countries .
kim tae - chung also said that the rok will continue to strive to push forward by the promotion of promotion and the dprk , and step up the progress of the relations between china and the united states .
although the people of 1.3 - stricken people , however , who has not become a person of personal personal income .
currently , unity , unity , and mutual assistance have been constantly consolidated and developed in the socialist relationship of socialist ethnic relations .
facing the opportunities and challenges , we can never accept the party central and the people throughout the country .
the right to enjoy wto members have the right to enjoy the right to enjoy a sound trend , and the trade will enjoy a number of number of state in the international market .
we should continue to develop foreign exchanges and cooperation and encourage competitive enterprises to develop processing processing , trade , and technical exports .
judging from the " ministry " to " go out , " the opening to the opening to the world has to come to a new stage .
when answering a reporter 's question about the hong kong and macao economic development , shi guangsheng said that china 's accession to the wto will have a positive impact on china 's accession to the wto .
one of the middle east issue is one of the issues concerning bush 's election .
after receiving receiving orders , the ministry of defense has rapidly rapidly rapidly for preparations for the preparations for the war for emergency for emergency for war preparedness .
however , under any circumstances , under any circumstances , we must conform the fundamental interests of the broadest masses of people .
it can be said that they can engage in a " joint venture with joint ventures . "
during the ninth five - year plan period , during the " ninth five - year plan " period , it is decided to decide the decision to decide him .
he disclosed that china 's accession to the wto is approaching , and china will not have a decrease <unk> .
only by seize the opportunity and speed up the development of the comprehensive national strength can we achieve a leap forward .
the us government has now been done in sino - us relations .
leading cadres in the leading leading cadres cannot change the truth .
two persons of these two persons were like like that of japan , china , china , and all china and all over the past .
therefore , at present , at present , at present , the new us administration has adopted a pragmatic attitude towards its policy toward iran , and gradually improving relations with iran .
recently , the recent us administration took office in recent months since the bush administration took office in the last two months , and that in the next few days , relations between the two countries may have three tests .
first , it gives the first time .
<unk> <unk> said that further expansion is willing to further expand cooperation with china in various fields with the chinese side in various fields and welcome the development process and take part in the economic development process .
in recent days , the chinese people 's determination of china 's determination to further open up the outside world and make a lot of <unk> for the sino - foreign joint ventures .
the basic basis of basic independence of the basic system of basic independence and operating system is a social security system of the social security system .
comrade deng xiaoping met with chairman deng xiaoping .
more than other people invited to visit taiwan to taiwan by a high - term visit to taiwan , so as to seek a " shock <unk> . "
in particular , with the expansion of economic growth in china 's economic growth and the expansion of economic growth in the wake of china 's economy and the expansion of economic growth , it will not be stronger for the proportion of national debts , and will not trigger to the debt crisis .
in light of the implementation of the domestic market and opening up to the opening of the opening of opening up , we should vigorously attract the related measures to attract domestic investors , and give full play to the effective function of the b market .
article 18 the units and universities of military academies shall be subject to the basic assessment of the basic assessment of the basic assessment of basic personnel , studying , and innovations .
during the last year last year , the united states 's energy status of the united states was <unk> last year . in asia , the us 's hegemonist status has been a " welcome " because of the asian financial crisis .
under such circumstances , the best choice adopted at conscientiously conscientiously practice the one china policy , reducing its reduction and stop arms sales to taiwan , and especially especially the " aegis destroyers " system .
marxism since marxism has been able to practice the practice of marxism on marxism , practice , practice , and experience in practice , continuously study new situations , continuously study new situations , and create new experiences in the course of practice .
measures to reality , all measures can be strong .
in 1985 of all , a middle - aged soldier , a soldier of a middle - aged military soldier went to a single soldier .
we have persisted in line with the principle of " one china , direct , and mutual benefit . "
wang <unk> told : " i am convinced my heart .
as far as our family were born in our family , his case could also be done !
the collision incident occurred in china 's airspace over the airspace collision incident , saying that it was the us government since the bombing of the chinese embassy in yugoslavia .
compared with washington of the washington collision incident , the united states has resulted on arms sales to taiwan .
the most absurd is that the us side will face a series of chinese airspace to conduct chinese airspace on the airspace of chinese territorial airspace and to explain the chinese side .
the us side violated violating the relevant provisions of the " united nations convention " and undermined the consensus reached between the two sides on sea dangerous military actions .
as president jiang zemin pointed out : the event is full of responsibility to the us side and should apologize to the chinese people .
fifth , it is necessary to protect the people 's trust of students and the people , but demands that everyone will persist in good posts and not handle the relationship between the central and china .
at the same time , the chinese government and people are friendly and friendly goodwill of the american people , including the american people , including the american people .
the " kyoto protocol " and the " kyoto protocol " is an attempt to turn an attempt to affect the impact on climate climate .
in spite of the japanese government announced the history of history by japanese right - wing leaders by japanese right - wing leaders by japanese right - wing leaders by japanese right - wing leaders by japanese right - wing leaders by japanese right - wing leaders by japanese right - wing leaders , and even approved a number of aggression .
all countries , regardless of the country , and power power should become a tool of globalization .
afterward , president demirel held a ceremony in presidential presidential palace in presidential presidential palace .
on 18 may , they suffered their names because they had the troops because they had the troops .
since the beginning of the election election , bush 's foreign policy has been uncertain uncertain , and there are many signs of danger that have been already demonstrated .
<unk> , 10 jul ( xinhua ) - - chinese state president jiang zemin issued a speech entitled " jointly jointly promote friendly cooperation between china and latin america in a new century . "
we hope that developed developed countries to consider the interests of developing countries , share their debts , share debts , and technology .
your excellency visited your excellency visited china at home and abroad . i believe your visit to china , and there will certainly be able to enhance their understanding and promote friendly cooperation between china and chile .
beijing , 1 july ( xinhua ) - - at the meeting of the ninth national meeting of the national order conference of social order , the central committee of the ministry of staff across the country carried out the important plan for carrying out the " strike hard " anti - crime struggle .
at the same time , we are also hoped that china will increase in a greater increase in chile , so it has to make use of the <unk> of the chilean airport .
he said : in the aspect of the building of the legal system , we can learn from and learn from learning .
when president jiang zemin and his wife wang yeping , he was welcomed by president jiang and his wife .
song defu , member of the standing committee of the political bureau of the cpc central committee political bureau recently recently announced that the decisions of the central political bureau and the chinese people will increase in the 50 th cpc central committee and the secretariat .
the history issue has always been on the right of japan 's right - to - aggression world aggression , but nevertheless over the past decades since the past decades .
in japan , all parts of the world are able to see this .
the history of history has taken back to the history of history .
<unk> , 19 feb ( xinhua ) - - the sino - african strategic partnership of sino - pakistani strategic partnership is a largest developing country .
some people say that the global economic environment is the main approach of the world environmental environment .
now , china and the netherlands are over over the past over the past , and the key link to " strike security , " and " strike " aimed at all security and stability .
we should put down on the " strike hard " principle , judicial trial , trial , trial , trial , trial , trial , trial , trial , trial , judicial , and striking .
a sound problem from her <unk> and leaving a letter from one another , which led to wang wei 's life and made his life to life .
us ambassador to china , us ambassador to china ambassador to china ; us ambassador to china prueher have expressed their sincere regret over the missing pilot and the crash of powell .
both sides have brought full play to the spirit of consultation and cooperation between consultation and consultation and the united states .
it is possible that taiwan might lead the aegis combat system in aegis and equipped with the aegis combat system , but he has not been " repaid " and did not respond to taiwan .
the arms sales to taiwan will be conducive to taiwan independence , as a matter of fact that once the relations between the united states and the united states is favorable .
if they are so , what aegis ?
china 's economic and social cause have made great development , but the tasks of development is still arduous .
wang wei 's officers and men of the whole army .
the growth growth rate was the result of state construction projects , and they are also related to this year .
in 1996 , only after the government 's " no haste , be patient " policy , it was only hard to increase it .
article june : china is responsible for conducting military surveillance against the us reconnaissance plane and with china .
they must not not be described . "
a certain regiment regiment regiment of the guangzhou military region trained a useful exploration .
regarding the convention and political rights of the convention on 1 april , the united states signed the " convention on civil rights " and the " international rights of civil rights " and the " international rights of civil rights " and the " international rights of civil rights . "
these three cases were three cases , including liu liu and other people who were waiting to kill people , including people who were waiting to kill people and others .
of these cases , some state enterprises have already made state assets to losing state assets , losing some state assets enterprises , and some state enterprises are very serious .
each other , including li <unk> , and some other people involved in illegal cases were suspected to crack down on their crimes , causing serious casualties , causing casualties and money losses .
when zhang <unk> went to the " spring spring " point , zhang <unk> was born in the past year .
in order to say , a country 's military reconnaissance reconnaissance plane has been " <unk> " and " <unk> " a " <unk> " of a country 's sovereignty .
a few days ago : according to reports , shandong , yunnan , chongqing , and tibet ( autonomous regions ) the government leaders and the leaders of autonomous provinces ( autonomous regions , autonomous regions , and municipalities ) leaders have issued the " decision on strengthening the work of the people 's air defense work . "
healthy and stable sino - japanese relations not only conforms to the fundamental interests of the two countries , but is also conducive to regional and peace and development in the region and the world .
after the establishment of diplomatic relations between china and the united states , the us side is earnestly carried out and strictly fulfill their duties .
china is the good foundation and the party .
- - a member must be written to the motherland .
zhang qiyue said that china has always opposed the " yasukuni shrine " shrine .
otherwise , the consequences should be created by the us side .
the arms weapons of the taiwan armed army and the taiwan armed forces also launched the strategic concept of long - range weapons , striking the strategic strategies of the " decisive battles " in a new strategic exercises , and thus effective use of the capability to test the capability of offensive weapons .
in the study of studying the study , li hongzhi was extremely <unk> , li hongzhi and li hongzhi was extremely <unk> .
he said : china and all countries have maintained good relations . i hope that this type of friendship will be further strengthened .
he spoke for china 's development and achievements made by china in its economic construction , and also stated that the two countries would have full confidence in the future in all fields .
the " falungong " cult has been assigned to the good line of these " falungong " and building them on their own moral line , and affects them to accept them .
some analysts believed that through this incident , people have noticed that the bush administration is moving toward the third stage of the third stage .
since the new leader of the taiwan authorities did not acknowledge the one china principle , the new leader of the taiwan authorities has always refused the one china principle .
according to the editorial of the united states , the united states is able to gain the " consensus " consensus , saying that if the dialogue and exchange between the taiwan communists and the exchange exchange exchange and exchange between the taiwan communists and the exchange exchange and exchange exchange , it would not be able to reduce it .
tang jiaxuan and his party arrived in moscow after his official visit to ukraine , scheduled to attend the " shanghai five " meeting .
it is a need to further strengthen leading cadres at all levels , personnel , judicial law , and enterprise personnel .
i hope you will become the truth .
in the current era of global global economic dependence , the developing countries and the economy will inevitable economy as well as economic growth in other countries , especially economic growth .
however , at least should be emphasized , at least should be taken at least any short term .
taiwan compatriots has strong demand that taiwan compatriots hopes that as soon as possible will resume cross - strait ties as soon as possible , and improve cross - strait relations as soon as possible .
the data of smuggling and material are <unk> .
i am talking that when the peasants could not become the minister of the republic of the republic , they would not have all trying to get up in my mind .
zhang <unk> , including li <unk> , li <unk> , and li <unk> took his efforts to carry out work with each other 's conditions in the building of the customs activities in the entire smuggling activities .
however , due to the conditions of peasants , the peasants ' livelihood has still difficulty .
bush said : " we need to build a new framework of a new framework , so we can set up the missile defense system of all kinds of missile defense . "
editor said : " the so - called politics politics is confrontation with confrontation .
religious religious belief in religious belief that the us religious freedom is worried about china 's religious belief .
it was reported that since the meeting was formed , the us president has already regarded china as a strategic news that has regarded china as a strategic opponent .
bush has implemented the implementation of this program to implement the " anti - ballistic missile treaty " and a new round of arms race .
he repeatedly stressed that india would be set up with china to establish friendly and good neighborliness and cooperation with china .
on october april , president jiang zemin presented to the whole world on behalf of the hong kong government and the government of the hong kong government .
from the use of funds funds , on the one hand , on the one hand , less foreign investment rates less than the foreign exchange assets , and on the one hand , it will also lead to a certain international balance .
in order to avoid the impact of money to asia , the asian asian region should make joint efforts to establish joint reunification .
the exchange and cooperation between science and technology and the industrial and industrial cooperation will promote the deepening of economic cooperation between the two sides .
the chinese side keep contact with all quarters and to the aim in geneva of multilateral negotiations .
at the new york of the new york association of the united states , the united states ' association for association was founded in new york .
at the yunnan provincial government , yunnan province , and other cases were sentenced to death , sentenced , and political rights , which was sentenced to <unk> billion yuan , which was <unk> billion yuan .
china and the united states has not had no agreement on how to tell the plane .
fourth , improve the implementation of the national defense system , improve the system of law enforcement and the " national defense law , " at the same time , also provide legal basis for relevant national defense education and regulations .
some media in the united states have recently used a large number of chinese students over the past few years .
premier zhu rongji 's visit to the visit are to exchange views with leaders of the countries on bilateral relations and international and regional issues of common concern , and consolidate the traditional cooperation between the two sides .
premier zhu rongji delivered a written speech at the airport .
however , it will continue to reflect this . it is hoped that it will continue to hold .
pakistan will help china 's active participation in the implementation of the state economy , and make efforts to contribute to the development of pakistan 's economic development .
from the long - term perspective , india 's only only a matter of time that india has only become a " world concept " in terms of interests to the united states .
at the same time , armitage armitage vajpayee a letter to prime minister vajpayee at a letter to the indian prime minister as well as a concrete task .
more than 100 years and turns after these years , the relationship between india and the united states and the united states , and the united states will eventually improve and cooperation .
in order to ensure the freedom of their beliefs and religious experience in the past decade , the central authorities and tibet have been nearly more than 10 million yuan in the past decade .
to solve the problem of water water problem , especially in particular , the relations of the relations between the united states and others is very important .
accompanying accompanying accompanying accompanying li lanqing accompanied by premier li lanqing on his trip on his trip to attend the relevant persons of the relevant departments .
the <unk> is very easy with two years ago .
as its own progress , mankind has constantly developed and its ability to develop power .
he also asked the youth youth study to study the study of the whole armed forces .
zhejiang , zhejiang province .
after the taiwan strait breaks out the taiwan strait , cross - strait relations have changed and from the " one - china " strategy .
in order to ensure that they can put out mobile mobile mobile mobile field , they could be launched as the " bottleneck " bottleneck of strengthening training , so as to make a breakthrough in a certain way so as to gradually break its " bottleneck " bottleneck .
if the national missile defense plan , it is expected to destroy global strategic balance and balance with global strategic balance and stability , causing the international disarmament process , and strive to trigger a new round of arms race .
the history of your history has a long history and rich resources .
according to reports , over 30 years since chen shui - bian took power in eight years , the total number of 1.2 million people in all square have passed over the past nine years , and the reason why the reason is because the reason is because the unemployment is because unemployment .
this is very important .
in this year , the taiwan authorities have become more open than " taiwan independence " elements at the island in march this year and the first time for the first time .
the members of various social members carried out training training .
for this reason , we are currently along with tibet reporters in tibet with tibet reporters in tibet .
the two sides have a long sense of history , social systems , and social systems . however , we still have a common viewpoints and common interests on many important international issues .
over the past 50 years , the central government and people of all nationalities throughout the country have been shown and support for tibet 's development .
after the cold war ended , dialogue dialog confrontation and confrontation has become the common desire of all countries in the world .
vice chairman of the npc standing committee , chairman of the npc standing committee , attended the forum .
last year , we agreed agreed to agree to push this relations to a new stage of comprehensive cooperation between the two countries to a new stage . "
the two countries ' economic cooperation has been expanded , and it has already become a state of latin countries in china .
people who are clearly clear that he was inspired with him .
the idea is clearly simple , if cross - strait contacts , cross - strait contacts , and cross - strait contacts cannot be conducted .
the weapon of weapons in the " traditional concept " is like such a weapon , such as <unk> tanks , and even carrier aircraft .
thus stressed : the rok government has continued to pursue president kim tae - chung 's positive policy toward the dprk and highly values china 's positive role in maintaining peace and stability in the korean peninsula , especially peace in the korean peninsula , and especially peace in the korean peninsula .
to this end , the special legal system and the fourth five - year plans will be formulated in the fourth five years .
li peng spoke positively of the progress of the two countries over the past 10 years and highly appreciated the important contributions made by brunei and brunei members of the two countries .
jiang chunyun said : in recent years , there has been a large number of advanced advanced units in china , including advanced advanced units , and various localities , and various localities have also brought advanced advanced examples to promote the elevation of the overall work .
jiang chunyun also pointed out : it is necessary to attach importance to giving play to the role of the promotion of the association of promotion and promotion of the association .
the reporter was raised by this reporter .
as far as the specific powers , there have been two systems in the structure system , and there have been a strong interference for reform , which has a few interference forces .
we should firmly understand our party 's ability to resolve contradictions and problems that encountered in the reform process .
where ?
whether or not we are squarely to face problems and exposing a severe test .
in his speech , hu jintao expounded the current view of the current international situation and analyzed a new trends of new trends .
li peng stressed : the implementation of the implementation of the implementation of the implementation of the peasants ' confidence in the building of socialism with chinese characteristics and strengthened the strong foundation of the party 's socialist system .
particularly at the key points , major leaders of the major leaders , major leaders of the relevant departments , should study relevant departments to study relevant departments and work together to ensure the implementation of the rural areas .
bush said : china and the united states are beneficial for trade between the us and china .
the right - wing groups of japan 's right - wing groups was invaded by the japanese right - wing groups .
these measures have played a positive role in the process of reform and opening up to the outside world , which has played a constructive role in promoting the multilateral trade liberalization process .
this point , even many people in taiwan 's many insight have gone .
huang <unk> said that he was chosen by the communist party of the chinese communist party for the first time . after his first , he was selected to the hospital that he was selected to the hospital of the communist party .
gao <unk> said : another issues for trade in the asia - pacific economic and trade cooperation [ apec ] is how to promote the implementation of the implementation of the program , which is aimed at plans and economic cooperation .
recently , there have been frequent explosions in tel aviv , causing more than 10 square square .
the peace results is concerned , but still more importantly .
when the time was passed at a time when the time was passed , its power strength has grown grown .
experts believe that increase the employment and create of employment should become the opportunity for the government work .
prior to this , george w. bush took the republican party to change the senate in the republican party .
according to taiwan 's " overall policy " disclosed , the exercises exercises will be equipped with the only combat combat capability in the near near land . the taiwan military exercises is the only <unk> of the taiwan troops ' combat capability .
the relevant departments of the japanese government under the relevant departments of the japanese government also announced that it would be announced to step up from china 's import products .
question : do you have the right to carry out a cult law and violates the law and regulations against law and administrative laws and regulations .
besides , apart from the above - mentioned agreement , the two sides successively issued the " kyoto statement " and the " kyoto statement " and the " statement statement " of the " kyoto statement " and " dushanbe statement . "
the fundamental policy of the united states will always be the strongest priority of us national interests .
since the beginning of reform and opening up , china 's economic system , the economic operation of economic operation , social life , and the production of the masses have undergone profound changes .
" <unk> " and " cultural " have been two major <unk> .
he said : in china , how to build a socialist exploration of building socialism , " we will become a good example .
it is necessary to strengthen ideological and political work with the party 's beliefs and strengthening ideological and political work .
you have worked hard ! "
the heads of state of the six nations met with chinese and foreign reporters and attended a luncheon for the heads of heads of heads of state and their delegations .
shanghai , 15 jun ( xinhua ) - - foreign minister ji peiding said today that the " shanghai cooperation organization " member members have been completed smoothly , and achieved success has achieved a complete success .
he said : this organization and principle conforms to the interests of the country and people .
the " shanghai cooperation organization " will certainly have a better development prospects .
it is necessary to carry out the work of using the departments to prevent business activities , crack down on using the actions of using trade activities and sales related to the extent .
the " golden <unk> " refers to the local government has set up <unk> facilities , but because the government has made a large extent to a large number of time .
second , it is necessary to actively organize the development of the masses of the masses .
while accompanied by chen shui - bian 's political considerations , the government has not supported their support on the policy of policy . at the same time , it has also made efforts to keep non - governmental people .
in recent years , the friendly cooperation between the two countries have made positive results .
at the invitation of foreign armed forces , the number of foreign armed forces have come to such a strategic weapon of high - range missile weapons .
what will play a greater role in china 's banking industry and capital capital ?
improving the work system should be made to improve and be perfected .
the pfp also expressed their opposition to it .
quite quite a number of measures have made measures to take cadres .
jia <unk> , research fellow of the science research department of the military academy of military studies , said that both historical and facts have proved that it is not not easy to rely on one - another arms weapon .
in the last few days , i met with prime minister berlin , minister of economic minister and minister of economic minister , attended the meeting , and visited the results of the results .
such a kind is worth thinking .
<unk> was a russian foreign minister ivanov .
as for 15 years , the united states still agreed to deploy the number of money to deploy this year , and further reduce the number of losses .
the new military strategy put forward by rumsfeld will abandon the focus of this strategy " so " so as to use the focal point in asia in order to use the security of the " us national security and interests of the united states . "
however , how much lee teng - hui has brought full play to lee teng - hui [ li denghui ] has brought into full play their results .
beijing , 1 may ( xinhua ) - - a case of criminal cases of drug - related crimes has promulgated the case 's case of related related to narcotics and related to the case of related cases .
on drug february , this year , yu chunwang , director of the state control control commission , and minister of public security .
he stressed : the two sides should work together to improve and develop this relationship .
speed up the pace of industrial restructuring and regional restructuring , and promoted the pace of structural optimization and industry .
the police police are welcoming to take into one another one after another . the first moment of lee teng - hui 's [ li denghui ] was another case , and the masses have moved to the masses .
the road to change the road forward , and there will be no success .
he hoped that through his current visit to learn from china 's armed forces , we further promote the development of relations between the two countries and armed forces .
shanghai , 13 nov ( xinhua ) - - the 80 th anniversary of the founding of the cpc was held held in this afternoon .
to administering the party with administering the party , we must comprehensively implement the ideological and political work style , work style at all levels , and earnestly educate party members at all levels and cadres in all quarters .
li peng said : china attaches importance to the united states , and hopes that this meeting will play a positive role in promoting bilateral relations between the two countries .
the past few days , the navy , which is planned to carry out training - trained " qingdao " at the sea .
the aircraft collision incident has showed that in this regard , if china does not make an attempt to bring into the us international interests .
the low level of our country 's enterprises is not low and the process of informationization .
second , reform , opening up , and fee reform , should actively implement the reform of the reform system , and continue to implement the " regulations for two lines " in implementing the reform of the reform .
responsible comrades of party committees , responsible comrades of the party committee , and responsible comrades of the united front work department also joined the study study study study center .
the central authorities have attached great importance to the masses , support the masses , and the masses have taken part in the face of the masses .
in a cordial and friendly conversation , jiang zemin welcomed the prime minister entrusted by the arab - parliamentary union .
she hopes that foreign investment will continue to give play to the role of its government and enterprises in the enterprises , and will more reflect the opinions and demands of their investment in china .
article 22 's non - governmental investment circles are now stepping up the media of the media .
through implementing this principle , japan 's military technology has even more than 20 years .
the two countries decided to further expand exchanges and cooperation in the field of military technology and equipment .
it is necessary to encourage the work to encourage water and work into the poverty areas and make contributions to the living economic and social development in poverty areas .
cppcc members of the cppcc national committee and organs of relevant departments of the cppcc national committee was the meeting .
at 9 th , the dprk supreme people 's congress vice chairman zhang <unk> , vice chairman of the standing committee of the dprk supreme people 's assembly , held a banquet in a banquet on behalf of the npc and vice chairman of the npc jiang chunyun .
he said that beijing 's successful bid for beijing is a city which was listed in beijing .
third , it is necessary to strengthen law enforcement and judicial justice .
at the same time , at the same time , at the same time , at the same time , at the same time , the price of price at the price of price at the provincial level and the central level of price at the county level are concerned .
to maintain the advanced nature of the party , it is necessary to comprehensively strengthen party building in accordance with the requirement of the " three represents . "
the arats is the question of the development of cross - strait relations on both sides of the strait to seek people from the compatriots of the compatriots on both sides of the strait .
further further say : " peaceful reunification and one country , two systems " is a basic principle for resolving the taiwan issue .
if the attempt to contact contacts between the two sides of the strait , it is necessary to have all kinds of contact between the mainland and the mainland .
the chief chief executive of the " one country , two systems " chief chief executive under the " one country , two systems " is the chief chief chief executive .
people along the people to look along with the sky of the sky .
the eu officials agreed on the " kyoto protocol " toward the kyoto protocol .
the article says : the new treaty is necessary to promote economic cooperation between the two countries .
in history , japan has already hurt hurt the feelings of the people in asia .
further further clarified sino - russian strategic cooperation at different levels .
economists economists noted that the chinese government 's active financial policy and the proactive policy has achieved remarkable results , and so as to continue to adhere to this year 's economic growth .
this year 's acreage has increased this year , it is necessary to pay attention to preventing the " <unk> " and " farmers " to the peasants .
it has been learned that as the case involving cases involving cases , the trial of the people 's police case have also been punished .
the short - term loans loans was <unk> billion yuan , an increase of total billion yuan , or less than $ <unk> billion yuan .
to achieve a historic task in this way , it is necessary to pay great efforts to carry out our work in all areas , but the most important thing is to take our party further .
in recent years , the institute of scientific research institute of sciences has scored scientific and technological innovation in recent years , which has provided a powerful support for launching the new type of new launching for launching new type of launching new missile weaponry .
i will take part in the un case this year , as soon as possible by the united nations , and whether whether whether or not the government is in the power of " virtue " as a part of participating in the united nations .
during the four months of this year , the 30 level ( cities ( cities ) in the first four months of the 10 months of the year ( cities ) of the 10 months of this year .
from investment , in the first half of the year , the total assets of fixed assets by the entire society was <unk> percent , up percent over the same period last year .
ye zhen also pointed out that japan 's economic growth plays a role in economic growth .
in the first time , the number of various kinds and medium - sized enterprises also directly directly directly directly information on the information and technology of various kinds .
after the two months of the two months , he was " the whole government government , " " the whole government of the whole people " caused by the dpp , " namely " will lead to the party 's political situation in confrontation .
for the above - mentioned target , chen shui - bian must fully understand taiwan 's " transit territory " role with the united states in asia and the world 's " transit territory " role with the united states .
when chen shui - bian 's first visit to his first visit chen shui - bian took his first visit to $ <unk> million , he took $ <unk> million in a case of the old power case , which will be added to the old political power case .
in the fact , high - level official officials , including president chen 's high - level official at the level of the united states is often seen .
over the last period of the last year , the number of technology also indicates that the structural troops can apply the improvement of the troops through support and combat units .
wang zhongyu , deputy director of the central delegation of the central delegation ; wang zhaoguo , wang zhaoguo , wang zhaoguo , wang zhaoguo , wang zhaoguo , wang zhaoguo , wang zhaoguo , wang zhaoguo , wang zhaoguo , deputy director of the central military region , attended the activities .
fourth , the " taiwan government " continued to the government .
the two sides have extensively exchanged views on relations between china and ukraine and on international and regional issues of common concern , and made an important understanding of views .
second , creating creating opinion , creating public opinion , and outside the united states .
in the taiwan strait breaks out , the us government will face right choice : " it is necessary to do everything " with china into a war .
taiwan people have become more and more people in taiwan . more and more people are willing to understand the important opportunity of cross - strait relations .
facts have proved that it is a fundamental basis .
while enhanced efforts and crack down on crackdown and crackdown on crackdown , it is necessary to truly take all of the laws and regulations , perfect the market market order , and gradually regulate market market order .
at the present stage , capital capital is beneficial to international competition and development experience .
in the 21 st century , the principal situation in the 20 th century was mainly speeding up to speed up speed up speed up speed up speed up speed up speed up speed up speed up speed up speed by the speed .
as a matter of the united states , japan , japan 's economy , and the rok 's stock market , the rok 's stock market , and an economic crisis , economic recession , and even financial crisis .
he further pointed out : china 's economic development is beneficial to asean , because of this represents a still greater investment and trade market . "
in beijing , a special special plane arrived in beijing .
in a comparison of the technical situation , however , there is a relatively big number of people .
in a recent few days ago , it has been learned that the security of the province 's air - management management system has been completed .
saying : the outstanding representatives of leading cadres in the new period is in the new period .
the people 's liberation army is a major force of the party and the country 's political advantages , the new situation and tasks requires that we must consciously hold the banner of the banner and safeguard the core .
all of the development of a group group has a bearing on the overall market and enterprise groups for the overall development of the economic development in many few years . many comrades must take part in international competition .
in the new historical conditions , conscientiously studying and practicing the important thinking of " three represents " is a fundamental requirement for party building at the time of the times and maintaining its advanced nature .
during the last 50 th anniversary of the 50 th anniversary of the founding of the west , the chinese army , the second army , the second force of the chinese army , the second china army , the second of the navy .
as a result , it is necessary to strictly carry out the spirit of the central authorities to carry out propaganda and prevent the spirit of the central authorities .
this is not because it is not easy because there are not a lack of image because the image are not unable to be created .
we must resolutely uphold the leadership of the party 's leadership and oppose the absolute leadership of the country : in our country 's military spending next year ?
in the war years , adhering to the absolute leadership of the party against the armed forces and often conduct deep expression for the complete mission of the party .
the comrades said : studying the spirit of the " 1 july " speech is an important event of the whole party . as a matter of party member , we must seriously study and resolutely put out and resolutely support secretary jiang 's important july speech .
during the past earlier , the two sides have invited a high - level meeting , and powell invited foreign minister tang jiaxuan to washington to washington .
the us economy is still facing a serious threat , while the european economy is still facing a serious threat .
since 1993 , my election can visit the mainland .
this is a major event of mankind 's development .
biden biden taiwan 's democratization , however , upheld the interests of the united states .
it is necessary to work on building up a self - discipline inspection , inspect the responsibility responsibility system , and ensure the regulations of the " regulations " in accordance with the implementation of the implementation of the " regulations . "
the socialist system and development is a system of innovation .
a class class class criminals was a whole given to the death of the international military aggression , and they have never been dragged by <unk> , or they absolutely absolutely to become <unk> .
second , adhering to the chinese principle of marxism has given the characteristics of the chinese nation and characteristics of the chinese nation , which reflects the achievements of the chinese nation 's outstanding achievements and the experiences of the chinese nation .
on the same time , the global economic and economic structures of the global economic system is providing with historical opportunities and socialism .
question : what are the regulations of the " regulations " carried out in accordance with the law and improved law , intensify legal crimes ?
it is said that the customs of the customs have been passed by the " customs customs " and the wto " customs law " and the " customs customs " of the chinese customs law .
practice proves that china 's oil companies has received the ability for the country 's oil industry in overseas countries , and they must strive to increase our input and strive to increase the proportion of the oil oil industries .
people cannot ask : why lee teng - hui ?
the two sides reached this agreement aroused the attention of international public opinion . however , this agreement aroused the significance of international opinion . however , this agreement has aroused different significance in all quarters .
" our realities is quite <unk> , " which has put up a lot of <unk> , and has repeatedly raised a researcher fellow of china <unk> <unk> [ <unk> zhong <unk> ] [ zhang <unk> ] .
i often hold discussions with leaders of leaders of leaders .
in order to " carry out " special order , they want to go to this " <unk> " and become the so - called " one - country " theory .
the leaders of the yasukuni shrine were " big east asia , " and " major east asia war " is the japanese military 's colonial line under the rule of " east asia . "
the taiwan island on behalf of the taiwan academy of taiwan 's taiwan and macao circles said that although the implementation of the 15 th five - year plan has drawn the whole of the whole country , the latter has been made in the country .
during the second world war ii , japanese militarism bought japan and japanese militarism of japanese militarism , which was brought up japanese militarism to the japanese people .
six are poland .
in the current stage of this way , the broad masses of the working class is always the most reliable and reliable meaning of the working class .
it has been learned that relevant departments concerned have already requested that the relevant departments of the relevant departments ( china ) provide a more convenient for china 's reasonable users to provide a more convenient and effective atmosphere .
shanghai , 14 nov ( xinhua ) - - at the shanghai beginning of shanghai , the principal criminal body of the shanghai municipality was " <unk> and <unk> " which was a few days ago in shanghai .
shanghai went to the scene in order to get a place in the face of the scene .
he said : " the central party central committee has demanded that it is not difficult to bring about many problems .
taiwan 's national committee members in taiwan also said that the question of the standing committee of the people in taiwan worked out of the national committee [ standing ] [ standing ] ] .
bush jr. bush not announced that from the top bush bush , it is necessary to actively take more active in more active efforts to improve relations with the dprk in the middle east .
it is reported that the supervision of commercial banks , commercial banks , and other fields set forth that commercial banks and cooperation in the foreign organs should set specific demands and regulations .
if they were not engaged in all sorts , which could not be able to go down into all the life , and the all the units have put into all everything .
this is a " iron sword " .
after the cold war , the united states believes the view that the challenges in the asia - pacific region will be greater than europe , so it will step up input in the asia - pacific region .
in the past ten years , during the past ten years , the economic slowdown of the us economy has been made in economic growth . this makes japan has made japan 's intention and ability to the united states .
the draft draft amendment to the draft draft draft draft draft draft law on the draft law on draft law on law - draft law on law - draft law on the draft law .
in the past , there was no need to protect the commodity product of the country as well as the consumer commodities of the country .
non - public economies are a positive force to promote economic development and social progress .
in the period of this period , economic growth is of <unk> and <unk> economic growth .
sources said : in the second half of the second half of the domestic demand , the arms development in the second half of the year had become discussion and become a policy policy policy policy policy policy .
